= pure-fsevent

* http://github.com/#{github_username}/#{project_name}

== DESCRIPTION:

Native ruby extension for access to the FSEvent system on OSX.

This isn't a very good implementation.  I'll PROBABLY improve it over time

A much better version would probably be put together using FFI.
It's possible.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Signal handling in Ruby 1.9+ seems to be pretty terrible.
Don't expect to be dropped safely to your command line after issuing a ctrl+c, no siree.  

Expect to kill -s kill this mofo.

Also, don't expect it to work.  This isn't a fancy release or anything, I spent some time playing with Ruby/C and threw it up on Github.  If you're made that it doesn't work either tell me or try another one.  

It'd be cool if you told me.


== SYNOPSIS:

   watchr = FSEvent.new("/tmp" => "echo 'yay tmp changed'")
   watchr.run

== REQUIREMENTS:

An Apple computer (for fseventd, duh!)


== INSTALL:

gem install pure-fsevent

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Mel Gray

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.